welcome to the
we oh sorry no I just I got confused
there I I always ask how they're doing
and stuff and I never I I thought I
thought someone was talking about I
thought I I thought I could hear them
but I couldn't just like always we got a
great show for you guys
today this just in you can't Bing Reddit
which on the surface of it is all is
just nonsense words but yeah when you go
a little deeper it looks pretty bad yeah
search engines other than Google search
are now unable to produce results from
Red it more recent than a few weeks ago
we're going to talk about this in a
little bit we also are going to talk
about I don't know um oh LTT is AI now
uh yes a bunch of our videos were used
to train in AI so I guess we'll chat
about that what else we got for
today uh Olympics one the Olympics of
Esports including League of Legends
rocket League Street Fighter Tekken
iRacing NBA 2K and FIFA and more maybe
other stuff is happening I don't know
also Olympics two we have multiple
Olympics topics apparently the Canadians
spied on opponents with drones I mean
that's kind of technology related right
what are we
doing what are we up to um what's going
on how do we do
that I did not inspect the topics ahead
of time
[Music]
the show is brought to you today by ag1
Squarespace Greenman gaming and of
course our chair partner secret lab you
can't bang Reddit that's right search
engines other than Google search are now
unable to produce results from Reddit
more recent than a few weeks ago likely
because Reddit has been blocking
indexing Bots from other companies
Google of course has an exclusive
contract with Reddit so when we had
those conversations about how on Earth
is Reddit going to be making money um
maybe this is how apparently this is one
of the ways not just licensing the
Treasure Trove of data that they have to
AI companies for training their models
but also by apparently making any search
engine other than Google n unusable I
mean everyone knows the trick searching
for what it is that you need to know and
then appending Reddit to it in order to
find an answer because search engines
are basically just sponsored results and
garbage now despite maintaining a market
share of nearly
92% Google apparently felt that its near
Monopoly over search may be threatened
by advancements by rival AI companies
such as open AI who recently unveiled
their search GPT prototype and
apparently they entered into this
agreement now our discussion question
here is what kind of of precedent does
this set for the rest of the internet
and the answer is a terrible one I mean
I don't think this is even I don't think
anyone in good faith would tell me that
I'm being all slippery slope fallacy
about this when I say that if Google
were to say for example extend this to
only allowing a YouTube video search
result to be uh surfaced by their own
search engine if that happened I would
not be able to find any useful on any
other search engine or if Microsoft were
to make an exclusive deal with uh oh I
don't
know uh okay various news media so that
you could only get results from them by
searching through the start menu on
Windows I
mean turning the internet into this
fragmented walled off Garden is bad
enough doing it with content that was
user gener that you didn't even pay to
create
is so much worse there also I think I
think as you were kind of saying this
probably does start an arms race we we
were struggling to think of one but flow
plane chat and I just lost who said it
sorry but uh flow plane chat pointed out
stack Overflow like if Bing gets GitHub
and stack Overflow and Google gets
Reddit and YouTube so you've got the
developer search engine you've got the
you know angry person in their basement
search engine yep y Okay so gole Google
gets YouTube Reddit and like
Twitter okay sounds good then we can
have like the Boomer search engine which
gets like Facebook and yeah uh I don't
know what else but something dude this
is
terrible uh P Porto says Microsoft
already owns GitHub so yes that was his
point but it's not it's not restricted
from Google at this time yes so if this
starts an arm race they might want to
restrict the search results from
Google um I like I'm just I'm trying to
think and
like it just sucks it just sucks yeah
this there is absolutely no argument
that you can make for how this this is a
this is a good thing and this is
something that anybody should support
now
fortunately um f the FTC apparently has
already caught wind of this and is hold
on I'm going to double check this
because it might have actually been uh
something else Google Reddit hold on
hold on hold on hold on I'm just going
to make sure
uh into deals licensing its users read
almost a month ago the arrangement will
give hold on hold on okay I'm just going
to make
sure given the novel nature of these
Technologies we're not surprised they
Reddit Road okay no this was around them
licensing the uh user data for for AI
platforms so I don't think it's actually
related to this particular one but
thankfully Reddit licensing their user
data is at least on the ftc's radar and
hopefully they can uh they can continue
to um keep an eye on this and make sure
that this doesn't become a
thing handyman says Han float plane says
but money lonus but
money I don't know Cory's the name says
reddit's destroying itself I've been
using it nearly daily for almost 15
years it's very rapidly declining it'll
be dig soon and something will replace
what what will replace it I haven't seen
anything
gain anywhere near any kind of momentum
and Luke and I have talked about this
but the the incumbent momentum feels so
much greater today than it was even 5
years ago yeah because of the historical
knowledge that's that's the value of a
site like Reddit it's not even the
active user count today necessarily it's
the users it's the user generated
content that's been posted over the last
15 years there question an answer so
that discussion there's also been a
shift in how people use the internet um
users now are more or less unwilling to
go to a variety of websites users will
have their small subset often a very
small amount like five to 10 sites that
they actually go to like you might be a
person who goes to Reddit imer
YouTube uh twitch and Facebook I don't
know but you like do not use websites
outside of that uh it's it's a it's a
huge thing a lot of it is user behavior
and it makes it really really really
hard for alternative sites to show up
because um like if you wanted to start a
alternative of YouTube well people
aren't going to get off of twitch and
YouTube they will not get off of those
websites to view yours even if you have
like the best version of a certain type
of content they just won't watch it yeah
we talked about this a fair bit when we
were discussing the challenges facing
gun creators on YouTube right now like
the obvious solution to people who don't
know what they're talking about is well
why don't you all just go upload
somewhere else their strength and
numbers they've tried that multiple
times but your numbers are so small yeah
they're small and they're meaningless
numbers and when you're dealing with
stuff like video delivery on the
internet the cost savings comes in
massive massive volume yeah Yahoo search
ask
Chiefs well this is the thing though
it's rested this is what opens this up
very obviously to antitrust like I don't
even know I don't even understand why
Google bothered to try to sign this deal
because they're already dominant today
they don't have uh like a nent
competitor to crush right now that uh
you know they could they could
effectively Force out of business while
any L any antitrust litigation makes its
way through the system right like why
why bother with this right now because
of open AI search GPT is what is what
this uh sure but you're not going to
starve you're not going to starve out
open AI I mean they have Microsoft
backing they're literally either are
they behind Nvidia or ahead of Apple I I
don't know where they are right now but
they're one of the three most valuable
companies in the world this isn't some
startup that you can damage by buying
protection for your Monopoly until they
just go open AI is not going away
anytime soon so what is the point of
even doing this I do think I do think
Google's in a really bad spot in general
so they might be kind of grasping at
straws search has never been worse uh
Drive search is functionally useless
gmail search is really bad like all the
search products right now are rough um
dude never mind the search product
Google can't search for [__] right now
yeah do you
remember okay this one this one can do
it gmail search the search bar at the
top of Gmail dude dude I was I was I was
trying to find um okay there's a Trello
card we use Trello for task management
well some of our teams do we have some
streamlining to do the point is we have
a Trello license um I was trying to find
a Trello card and it used to be and this
is a super convenient feature that you
could just start typing in the top of
chrome and if you typed in keywords that
were similar to the URL of a page that
you've visited in the past it would just
autop populate and it would find it and
you could just press press enter so what
I was looking for was a card called lmg
review so that's what we call my final
review pass of an LT video uh once
everyone else has done like quality and
fact checking passes and I'm looking to
see if I catch anything um so I just
wanted to go to that tab I wanted to go
to that card it's one that I've visited
a 100 times and I typed it in and
nothing then I was like does this just
not even work anymore at all and then I
typed in perpetual
which I think you probably know what doc
I was looking for yeah so Perpetual is
what we use for finding the wow document
the Perpetual wow live stream document
it's one that I promise you I promise I
have access at some point to another on
every computer I own because um either
you know I'm reviewing topics for the
next week or I'm using from a weird
location yeah yeah that's I I definitely
have accessed it and it didn't come up
and I was just like this is this is
flipping unbelievable it used to be so
consistent in general right now actually
seem like they're genuinely getting
worse not not like they're just getting
older and certain other products are
improving like they actually feel like
they're declining in in value and
quality um and they're just shutting
down things that they have like recently
their their URL shortener um got gotten
rid of officially I think for a long
time now you haven't been able to create
new shortened URLs but I think they're
the old shortened URL non working yeah
um so like they keep shutting things
down and making what they have actively
worse um dude can you can someone Google
okay out
yourself is anyone from Google watching
right now yeah can you explain to me
please in simple English so that I a
blonde can understand almost got him
can you explain to me why it is that
when I go to docs.google.com it is so
flipping hard to find a doc that someone
just shared with me compared to if I go
to drive.google.com
why why is that why is it the interface
so
OBT guys let me know if you if you
disagree Porto yeah it's so bad it's so
bad but like even even the search in
drive.google.com is garbage well yeah
sure but that's that's a completely
separate level of like it's it's a
different level of garbage the fact that
someone can share me on a doc and I
literally cannot find it in
docs.google.com
drives me in just
baddy I don't know how to deal with how
angry it makes me I don't want to make
our company leave Google workspace
because there's things about being in
Google workspace that I like a lot like
I really like Google Calendar for
example um but drive search might be one
of the things that like nail in the
coffins are are workspace license um
because it's actually so bad that it's
starting to to noticeably negatively
impact people's ability to do their job
um which is
wild
um yeah and and it's it's just it's
stupid stuff like here check this out
okay why is the interface different when
I'm in
docks what is this this is this that's
what this is not
this this is where I would go for sheets
or what see see look this this is what
the drive interface looks like
why don't worry this is just the The WOW
account there's nothing okay just chill
all
right wh wh why why is this why is this
set up like this I don't get it they
should be the same
obviously East Coast Sunrise that
interface hasn't been touched in a
decade well one of them has they should
be the same
obviously um is it a problem with the
file organization or naming schemes no
because I mean look the thing is that a
lot of the time uh you know a cloud
drive is not particularly organized
because you might not be the only person
who has access to it so even if you have
the best of intentions for keeping
everything perfectly laid out and
perfectly organized it doesn't always
work out that way because people are
going to be sharing you on drives
sharing you on individual documents
sharing you on the document then sharing
you on the drive and and you don't
always have control over that so making
the interface intuitive is super
important making it easy to find a
recent document is super super important
I have this persistent problem um where
whenever we do quarterly reviews
internally I try to find the folder that
I'm supposed to dump quarterly reviews
into um but if I search quarterly review
despite one of the folders in the tree
being called quarterly review it will
not come up I can go through every
single result that comes up through the
search I can skip through the do
everything it will not come up despite
the folder being called that in Drive
you'd think it would come up it will not
so the I had to get the person who
shared me on that folder to send me the
direct link and then I like starred it
in Google Drive so I can find it in the
stars because it is genuinely
unsearchable for me if I try to search
for the tree that it's in then it's
problem because someone else made this
folder structure so they used um as an
example uh I'll use something that is is
slightly different but as an example
they used uh a folder called
infrastructure it's like how many how
many times do you think a folder named
infrastructure has been shared with me a
lot and then when I search for it
there's like 40 of them I'm like I don't
know which one is the right one so I
always have to go back to this it's like
man how can it not find quarterly
review like the sure I'm going to have a
bunch of documents called cly review but
let me sort by documents and folders and
I'll find it instant
M but no it just doesn't
work why oh
man I could have found that with like
File Explorer on Windows XP this is
ridiculous well you know I was actually
I actually have this in the video
Concepts bin right now was Windows XP as
good as we remember it being no probably
not I want to I want to make that video
because I feel like there's these
Nostalgia glasses for Windows XP Windows
XP search was kind of a piece of garbage
probably it was not very good could you
index back then uh was that Windows no
you could but it took forever which part
of which was because we were all on
mechanical storage at the time but it
took forever and it it was not perfect
PR sure I ran indexing back in the day
oh yeah yeah you run it it wasn't but I
also like enjoyed doing things like that
like defragging was so cool watching the
little animations and stuff yeah yeah
yeah I I saw something the other day
that I thought would be interesting to
do a video on but I was I was the reason
why I haven't brought up with you or or
James is because I haven't thought of a
title that makes it worthy of people
clicking on it but what the heck were
briefcases oh yeah I saw I this this uh
this popped up for me recently as well I
saw a short or somethingone like no one
ever used these properly and I remember
like no this was for like moving things
or something yeah it was it was um it
was for like your floppy disc so it
would automatically sync to your floppy
disc or something like that yeah it did
it had some form of automatic syncing
functionality yeah it was it was
something like that I never once used it
and I didn't really understand what they
were for I looked it up at some point
and it was essentially like sink toy or
something like that which is cool
actually which is pretty cool but the
functionality was extremely limited if I
recall correctly
yeah so if you had an external hard
drive it kept your apparently it could
also be used for like photo backup and
stuff like that later autosync with Zip
drive yeah okay there you go it seems
cool but it's just really weird witty
Willis says it was clunky at best I
hated it yeah yeah I the fact that that
was one of the like first options you
had for like a rightclick contextual
menu was always baffling to me as uh
someone who didn't work when operating
systems that had that feature were were
a thing I was like what could this
possibly be for one thing to remember
too about like the like was Windows XP
bad thing when I compared the search
like if we want to go for Windows 7 even
that's from 2009 dude I hate how long
ago 2009 was and like the search on
Windows 7 for finding files was actually
fine that was fine
so we don't have to go as far back as XP
but we can go back to the point when I
was in high school at this point I think
that Microsoft Engineers are just Ming
on Windows search okay so I agree but
we're currently talking about Google
search like I search which is actually
worse yeah no no really nothing is worse
than Microsoft I searched for an
application I had installed and it
literally opened up a web page like I I
searched did you just press enter right
away I I searched word for word like I
search word for word in Google Drive and
it doesn't even find it at all character
for character it's gone as far as I can
I typed in an application I had
installed and I pressed enter and it
opened up a web search no no Google is
not there yet I don't know dude if you
press enter to fast it'll just find a
completely different it'll open a new
window no it just won't find it at all
well I don't know let's agree that
they're both terrible yeah
nice uh what are we supposed to be
talking about right now Dan get the can
you get this thing back on the tracks
here topic two topic two okay Luke what
do you want to talk about oh oh yeah oh
this is where I got my wires crossed
this is what the FTC is actually uh
conducting an investigation into FDC
won't let me be um the FDC is conducting
an investigation into surveillance
pricing that's an interesting name for
it dude this is freaking terrible
everything why is the news always bad
you know what
no
no next Wan show I I'm doing it right
now I'm tasking the team to have all
good news W show only good news W show
next week only going to be enough news
dud 20 minute W show let's go no no
we'll have to make the news if there
isn't enough news positive sentiment
does not sell all good news on W show
only good news W show let's go okay
there it's done all right f is
conducting investigation into
surveillance pricing AKA individualized
surge pricing where an algorithm
leverages data on a single users
demographics and past Behavior to
quickly change the prices offered to
them and potentially offer some people
far higher prices for the same product
while this is know with while this is a
known tactic in the gaming industry
surprise surprise it's unclear to what
extent this practice is being used by
other Industries the commission
announced that it would be ordering
eight companies including MasterCard and
JP Morgan Chase that offer products and
services that enable businesses to uh
engage in surveillance pricing to turn
over information about the impact these
pricing schemes have on privacy
competition and consumer
protection
rough dude
like I don't even know where to begin to
talk about how not okay this
is
yeah like it's it's it's one thing to
it's one thing okay if you're walking
around a Walmart or something like that
and I'm not saying Walmart is doing this
in fact I think they specifically claim
they're not doing it but who knows uh
but it's one thing if you're walking
around in Walmart and they realize that
like all of a sudden there's a run on
toilet paper pun intended
um I made me grin so much it hurt my
face yeah that's a long story don't wor
about yeah um
um so there's a run on toilet paper and
they they kind of go okay surge pricing
and they've got uh they've got these
like remotely configurable price tags
and they can like configure the price it
is an entirely different thing if you're
on your phone looking up diarrhea
treatments and then as you are in the
store and as you approach you the
individual approach
the the Shelf the price like ticks up
before you can get there they're like oh
he has this now cuz you absolutely need
it they're not stocking up this is a
reactive purchase let's charge more uh
they're going to buy it they're not
going to RIS driving somewhere else yeah
like this is okay so let's let's use a
more real world example okay less
hypothetical okay Uber right they've got
surge pricing during times of high
demand and low Supply supposedly uh
where prices prices go up during Peak
travel hours okay what if instead of it
going up because generally speaking a
lot of people are using the service what
if it goes up because you get a text
from someone about a personal
emergency and you are talking to them
and you don't have your car and Uber
goes hm interesting and doubles your
price now that again actually is maybe a
little bit far-fetched on the other side
because they would have to be tapped
into you know whatever coms you're using
and they would have to be able to put
all that contextual data together but I
don't think that that is necessarily and
a completely impossible outcome I there
so there's we've probably talked about
this on W show before but in Finland
there's speeding tickets that are based
on the offender's income which are based
General by that was cool this is not
cool this is not the same thing this is
rough and this doesn't feel like it's
going to be designed to
uh like pray on the wealthy this feels
like it's going to be designed to pray
on the vulnerable um like almost
guaranteed so that's that's rough lion
kings it guy says yeah lonus is
literally talking about bereavement
flight rates except instead of giving a
discount they could just take advantage
of you and because it's so difficult for
a third party to come in and investigate
this practice without a whistleblower
pretty much deliver ing the algorithm or
the code to investigators because you
can't observe it from the outside right
every individual just gets their
individual pricing and the individual um
manipulation from the service it's
really really hard to figure out exactly
what's going
on
yeah someone posted in phili chat uh
that I I lost it but that we're like
acting like this doesn't already happen
um maybe there's a miscommunication no
this is this is being investigated this
absolutely does already happen y um yeah
uh the um float plane chats got some
examples though TC and DC says Uber
could notice that you get in your car
every day from a Swanky office building
that address could go up over time um
that is actually a great example uh
techie 93 says if they know you're
getting a call from someone at a
hospital um all they have to see is man
that's crazy I think well okay I think
that's already built into standard surge
pricing stuff I understand it's not
necessarily a surge but I think they
already have that going like location
based pricing um I think that's existed
for a long time what they're currently
talking about is more individual based
your your habits things like that not
necessarily like yeah they could notice
oh sorry sorry sorry sorry I I
miscommunicated that it so they notice
you getting in from a Swanky hotel
pretty frequently and then they just
raise your prices in general yeah I'm
just saying the hospital one that that's
been around for a long time uh or that
type of thing has been around for a long
time but that might not even be location
because I could be I guess they can see
my destination but
uh like they might be able to tell like
okay you went to the hospital yeah and
you you go to the hospital every once in
a while but this time you immediately
called another Uber to like a store so
like you you forgot something it seems
like and they're like oh okay time to
charge them more this is brutal man I
hate this so
much like I actually I actually hate
this
um yeah surveillance pricing it's rough
I'm sorry
guys in other good news or not uh this
week yet another YouTuber was threatened
by yet another company called DCs again
it's a different company but still uh
this time it was
Stefan fiser of all off-road 4x4
Adventures who reviewed lfp batteries
manufactured by Deep Cycle Systems
that's the DCS while fer reviewed while
Fischer's review was initially positive
he later found that the batter's
capacity degraded unexpectedly quickly
over the course of the next few years
Fischer heard similar reports from other
off-roading enthusiasts so he tested the
batteries and likewise had independent
testers validate their results uh
validate his results sorry these tests
showed severe capacity loss fiser
likewise reported on DCS customers who
alleged uh who alleged that dcss RMA
processing uh sorry RMA process testing
consisted consistently resulted in Rosy
capacity estimations leading to the
company to refuse to replace faulty
batteries DCS is now suing fiser for
defamation okay I'm going to unword
salad that a little bit yeah basically
he found out some customers were having
a negative experience with dcs' RMA
process um where DCS would get the
batteries basically go oh no yeah we
estimate that these still have good
capacity and then they would refuse to
replace them yeah according to Lewis
Rossman DCS also retroactively changed
its warranty on its website to reduce
coverage without changing the last
updated date rough uh which reads as
June 2021 Rossman likewise says that the
pages
archiving um this change appear to have
been removed from the Wayback machine
though they were available via other
archiving servic how do you remove
something from the Wayback machine I
think you can request it but I'm
surprised this one would have been
approved um in response to commenters
who were concerned about the lawsuit DCS
claimed via its Facebook page that it
does not Sue reviewers over product
reviews when Fischer's lawyers sent a
complaint to dcs' lawyers the language
was slightly altered to claim that they
don't suit
uh over reviews that they view as
genuine
okay
wow where where's the good news oh right
that's next week right mhm cuz none of
this is good news do we have any got to
have something so basically um I don't
know anything about Deep Cycle Systems
batteries I don't know anything about
the company I'd never heard of them
before this this is my first exposure to
them uh but what I can say for sure
based on this first exposure is that
they are theys so if you were
considering anything from Deep Cycle
Systems then you should probably contact
them let let them know you were
considering their product and that you
found out about this and you're not
considering it
anymore
um wiy Willa says good news scraped Wars
is amazing so far hey glad to hear that
let's go bad news uh part two is not
coming on the original schedule I
reviewed the cut earlier this week and
basically um maximum respect to the team
I mean you guys you guys saw the the the
spit polish mirror shine that episode
one had um absolutely fantastic they're
doing a great job really good um part
two not there yet um and so basically we
went back to the sponsor we're going
back to you guys and we're pretty much
going to say hey yeah we had a great
plan for when it was going to come out
and that great plan is going to be later
difficult thing to edit yep take some
time it's a it's a ton of work and like
I said absolutely no disrespect to the
team that's working on it they just need
a little bit more time so we're going to
take a bit more time and you guys are
going to get it when you get it sounds
good and uh we we are hoping that it's
only going to be an extra one week since
you looked at me three rhs in the air I
said you're crazy sorry uh it's only
going to be an extra
week Point exclusive V1 probably not uh
I don't think absolutely not yeah no
it's not it's not there uh we no no no
also don't really think there's value
there we'll we'll give you the product
that that is good yeah and like you guys
got you guys got your exclusives man
we've had a ton of people signing up for
float plane I think we've had it over a
thousand since scrapyard Wars went up
and they are definitely they're
definitely getting some value the first
extra is twice as long as the episode
itself and people are flipping loving it
and then there's an entire dedicated
extra for uh Elijah's haircut which I
haven't watched yet but I am so excited
the fact that they captured his his
wife's reaction oh yeah people like that
um the fact that they captured his or
the fact that Elijah captured his own
wife's reaction at the end of the video
is amazing yeah so
good uh see yeah yeah you know what I'm
not going to oh wow you guys really
really can't see it oh well y I'm not
going to I'm not going to spoil it it's
pretty good lm. g/f flat
plane
um oh man he said he'd do something at
3K I think he did actually but it's not
there yet oh what did he say he I don't
remember eyebrow slit I
think what eyebrow slit oh what I think
he said he would do that why if it did
3K I think oh uh okay it's not there yet
oh you okay I mean do we have anything
in our in our on camera personality
contracts where people have to stay
somewhat
presentable like I no it's a valid
question it's a valid question I don't
think so yeah because otherwise I'd be
in
trouble yikes oh man all right um are we
still on topic two no I think we're
supposed to probably do merch messages
or something at some point yeah why
don't we do merch messages and
yeah all right I'll explain what they
are the way to interact with the show is
merch message man what an awkward show
so far today we are you know it's funny
like last week I was like in my flow why
did we end it early last we before I've
been meaning to ask you about this I was
absolute garbage and then this week I
just man I have no idea what's going on
I have no idea what's going on uh no I
don't know last week I was having fun
and I wanted to leave him wanting more
fair enough it was yeah late that's fair
um yeah merch messages so the way to
interact with the show is send a merch
message it'll go to producer d right I
got to explain how you do it uh that's
producer you know we'll get to producer
Dan later first you go to LTT store.com
you add something to your cart and then
in the checkout you'll see a little box
where you can leave a merch message
it'll pop up down here or it'll oh yeah
look at that let H okay well anyway um
you can be anonymous or you can leave
your first name and last initial for a
shout out hey there you go it'll look
kind of something like that thing up
there um it'll pop up like that or it'll
go to producer Dan who will forward it
to someone internally or reply to it
himself or who will curate it for me or
Luke to respond to so why don't we show
them what a curated merch message looks
like sure I got one here from Luke lonus
is a blonde nerd you did not actually
no uh okay yeah sorry uh how about a
real one uh lus what are your kid what
were your kids' reaction when they saw
your new hair coming oh my goodness I've
been actually meaning to I saw one of
them I've
been there's easier ways to make your
children cry lonus yeah I um I've been
meaning to grab one of them from the
security footage cuz it's really funny
my my elder daughter M goes I like your
old hair
better okay it's basically the same
thing she said when I shave the beard
doesn't she ask you too like how long
like how long until it goes back and
yeah yeah yeah she asked me if I'm going
to dye it back and like like you know I
don't know well how long do you have to
keep it like that yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah so she's all she was not into
it she's she's only around a decade and
she's already got all kinds of thoughts
on her dad's style so I guess we're
headed into some pretty uh uncomfortable
conversations as she makes it into her
teenage years and figures out just how
bad it is
okay lonus what are your thoughts on
Career progression from an SI that does
retail exclusively I assume that's a
systems integrator so you work for a
retail system integrator man it's tough
because I I I don't really know I don't
really know how to say this in a way
that's not sort of mean but building
computers is
like not a super value career skill um I
would say that fixing them is a way to
potentially make more money but not at
like a not at a at a at at a retail
chain or anything like that like they're
they're not going to pay you um anywhere
near the rates that they're charging
customers um and what it really boils
down to is that if you want to escape
that sort of wage ceiling in computer
technician work the only way to do it is
to set out on your own and and adopt an
entrepreneurial spirit and try and
tackle it that way but that is not going
to be easy very hard um he it's worded
interestingly though uh exclusively does
retail stuff or something like does this
person own the
SI um that I don't know I can't really
tell I doubt it I I I don't see how
you'd survive as a computer store that
just does nothing but put together new
computers yeah
yeah um Cory has the name says Sy system
integrator makes putting standard
components together sound way cooler
than it is um nowhere near as
challenging as it once was I do think
that that also is a little dismissive I
mean I think that a really good
eyeopener would be to check out our tour
of Puget systems from a number of years
back they show the kinds of processes
and the kinds of tools that you need to
develop in order to be a a a well-oiled
machine because it's more than just
putting systems together you have to
support those systems you have to ensure
that excuse me sorry you have to ensure
that they make it to their destination
in one piece you have to have processes
for um compatibility testing stability
testing it it you have to build
relationships with vendors you have to
manage your you have to manage your
credit and cash flow like you're running
a business right
um it's not as simple as just buying
computer parts and putting them together
if it was everybody would do it and
that's sort of the bottom line is you
have to figure out what your personal
value ad is and try to extract as much
of the money that you're generating as
possible I some some people in FL plan
chat have said this but getting into
some some level of Enterprise it is
probably the closest related work but
it's not 100% you'll need to you'll need
to train
um but yeah thanks Luke
yeah yeah give us one more Dan
sure announcements let's see here have
you heard DCS is suing an Aussie
YouTuber we just read that one I missed
that sorry hey Linus I've been a
longtime viewer and finally pulled the
trigger on the backpack I'm currently
working a sales job as a college student
and wondered if you had any tips from
your experience oh man I mean the
biggest thing for me was
that I was selling something that I was
really passionate about it's not really
selling it's
more talking to people about stuff that
you think is super cool and and a shared
interest and as long as you as long as
you can find a way to do that if you can
if you are a super you know Gearhead for
example and you can find a way to sell
cars for for a living um well okay that
might be a little bit challenging
especially if
you're most of the people coming in to
buy a car are not going to be shopping
for the kind of car that I think a
typical you know Gearhead would be
excited to talk about but as long as you
as long as you don't mind just sort of
sharing knowledge and and and talking
with people about about cars or about
cameras or about computers or whatever
it is that you're passionate about um
I'd say that's the best way to both
enjoy what you're doing and succeed at
what you're doing there are going to be
challenges um you know we got spiffs and
we got guidance from HQ on what we were
supposed to be pushing and I got to tell
you I never even looked at it I didn't I
didn't bother reading any of that stuff
I didn't pay any attention to it
whatsoever because um the way that I saw
it I would just you know do my thing and
i' customers would be happy and they
they'd love it and they'd come back to
me and
that would kind of wipe out anything
else and in reality that was probably
pretty naive of me um what's more likely
is that NCI just wasn't organized enough
to keep track of which sales reps were
pushing what they're supposed to be
pushing and so they just never really
noticed that I was only selling the
stuff that I really wanted to sell
um apparently Gearhead means something
else other places okay it it would just
mean like car Enthusiast um here so so I
don't know what else mean like steroids
I have no idea call steroids gear yeah
Ethan Bez says yeah SUVs everyone's
buying SUVs yay so exciting yeah exactly
like I remember the outrage when uh when
Porsche stopped just doing uh you know
sports cars and all of a sudden they've
got like the ma and the Cayenne I think
Cayenne excuse me and I think those are
their some of their top selling models
nouns like uh uh are they even an
Enthusiast brand
anymore totally
totally get it but I don't know you got
to find the fun in in like educating
people I I remember taking my my aunt
and uncle shopping and one of the things
that I was really hammering on was that
I wanted them to get a plug-in hybrid
they do so much of their driving just
like padding around in the city they
Park in a garage and they wanted an SUV
sorry sorry they wanted an SUV but they
wanted um but they wanted something a
little bit smaller than the Grand
Cherokee they had before and I was like
look you guys you know I know you don't
have a ton of experience with them I
actually even forget exactly which which
one they got I think it was uh it's that
mitsu
bishy uh pH SUV what's what's it called
again yeah the Outlander P Outlander phv
um so I took them to look at it and I
was like
look you'll be able to do so many of
your trips on battery just remember to
plug this thing in when you go into your
garage and like no one at any of the
dealerships they' been to before I went
with them had educated them on the
advantage of this like people just
didn't understand plugin hybrid is such
a such a wasted thing no one ever talks
about it well I still have to explain to
people today that there's a difference
between hybrid and plug-in hybrid yeah
this the name is really stupid it's bad
I don't have a better name to be honest
with you like I understand why the name
is what it is because depending on the
design a lot of them bear more
similarity to a hybrid than they do to
an electric vehicle yeah
but having it called something so
similar I think is extremely confusing
to people Wei
U yeah it's amazing what a difference
branding can make to people's
understanding of it when they and I
think I think this is something that we
we ended up doing one more video about
branding nonsense um even though I'm I
didn't want to do any more like mad
videos but it was one that we had
started work on a long time ago um and
it's uh it's looking at
nvidia's most recent transgressions so
I'd say the the 3056 gig is the most
recent one in fact I think that's the
last card they launched so we look at
the 3056 gig and we kind of go okay now
hold on a second this is clearly a
completely different card um so while
the community got their way with the
with the 4080 12 gig
um where they kind of went hey this is
not a 480 this is a completely different
GPU aside from having less memory Nvidia
took all of that feedback threw it in a
fire and immediately kept doing it and
then we go back through their history
and we look at some other examples of of
nvidia's very deceptive branding and I
actually tell a personal story in the
video about one time Nvidia Bamboozled
me before I was knowledgeable enough to
understand how to how to research this
stuff and how to learn the differences
between things so in response to your
question find a way to get excited about
educating people about something that
you're knowledgeable about and that's
probably the best way to both have fun
at work and succeed in your job I used
to kill it at Best Buy uh yeah I bet and
yeah like you were saying you would get
pushed things like oh oh sell a bunch of
this sell a bunch of that I always
ignored it but I used to go on trip like
when my mom would have to go buy
something with Best Buy I would ask to
go with her just so I could walk around
the store so like working there I was
all excited cuz I could around be around
computers and stuff we grew up mostly in
the
country there wasn't a lot of this
availability around so a Best Buy
existing within reasonable driving
distance was like cool to have at all
and then the fact that I worked there I
was like yeah this is awesome um so it
was was really easy to sell stuff cuz
people would come in and ask one a
laptop then I would just have a
conversation with them about what they
needed and like why I thought different
solutions would be good or bad for them
give them a range of options they pick
one of them and then we go for it and my
customers are often really happy and it
was usually pretty easy like I wasn't
really actually trying to push the sales
but I'd have conversations with them
about what software do you need and
pretty often it was like oh I do work
stuff so I need like word it's like oh
well Bonk here's word get that spiff
they want it anyway get that spiff but
they literally they wanted it anyways y
they would have left the store less less
equipped so like I I don't I don't think
I ever sold a single service plan thing
except for when the customer asked for
it I would never push that ever cuz I
didn't believe in it like at all I never
bought one ever myself so like well I
bought one technically but then abused
it but anyways that's St St Wes 13 says
with a plug-in hybrid aren't you taking
on the issues of a gas vehicle and the
issues of an EV in one package but
aren't you taking on theit advantages of
a gas vehicle and of an EV in one
package yes you are you're also going to
have more problems with the ice
drivetrain and if you're often driving
within distance of your electric which
he was talking about in this specific
scenario um then you're not running your
your ice drive train as much and never
running your ice drive train is bad yes
but as long as you're running it
regularly should be fine uh Mavs guy
says and the iishi pH is arguably the
worst of the bunch fair enough but this
was a few years ago um yeah like I don't
think rap 4 Prime was even out yet so it
was it was a while back it was a while
back my hybrid can't have a spare tire
which sucks it probably can you just
lose lot of trunk space I mean anything
can have a spare tire if you're creative
enough yeah you put it in your passenger
seat trap it
in Luke car tips
everyone there's technically a solution
to practically everything you just might
not like
it all
right Dan what are we supposed to be
doing right
now do you guys do announcements now do
you do them later no it can penetrate
the batteries in the in the case of a
collision okay see there's still there's
still Solutions just strap it to the
outside like they do on
Jeeps strap the batteries to the
outside explosive reactive armor
I'm gonna put a spare tire on the back
of my car when we leave here immediately
nice y back of the tyan good yeah good
you can put it like on the trunk like
they do with those like off-road
Porsches yep yeah I oh that would be
sick yeah my my car like a thing my car
will no longer be a Tiant it will be a
tyan it will have new
capabilities that's what I that's what I
always joke with my kids whenever it's
like in the shop or disabled for some
reason or another right now yeah I
always I'll tell them it's the Ty can't
okay In fairness In fairness it hasn't
actually needed to be in the shop for a
while but I also did get this extremely
terrifying warning when I was a few
blocks from home the other day um that
has not popped up again so I have not
taken it into the shop um I haven't even
googled this yet cuz I forgot about it
until now um here want to want to read
this for us chassis error continue
driving possible with adjustment see
owners manual what does that even mean
what is a chassis
error uh and then there's another one uh
okay second work uh second uh message
chassis error visit Workshop oh wait is
this the same one visit Workshop oh yeah
no visit Workshop continue driving
possible with adjustment I yeah so maybe
that's fine maybe it's not good I've got
an SOS warning right now
SOS Telly Aid disabled drive to Workshop
what is SOS Telly Aid I have I have a
giant button in a center console that
just I've never pushed scared it's a
giant red button under like a flip up
hatch yeah it would be one of those like
OnStar things or whatever basically yeah
yeah perfect good job Dan uh all right
should we jump into oh should we jump
into
announcements yes okay hey we've
partnered up with Delta Hub to bring you
guys this side oh is that zoomed a lot
less than usual Dan is it also tilted
up oh oh from when we were dying the
hair last week okay uh We've partnered
with Delta Hub to bring you a special
LTT edition of their Carpio wrist rests
um this one's for the right hand and
what makes it pops up this way and what
makes it different from other wrist
rests you might have tried is that it
has PTFE Teflon feet so it Glides along
your desk and moves with your hand so
your wrists are always supported
wherever you are moving them a bunch of
folks here at the office have been using
their carpos so this collab was a long
time coming all you've got to do is go
to the notification sign up page it's at
go.d Delah
hub.io oh my goodness okay I'm not going
to try and read this whole thing but I'm
going to get Dan to post it in the chat
there you go and you can sign up to be
the first to know once these drop on
August the
9th
um oh oh wo we've got another big
announcement the LTT Precision
screwdriver is near you may have seen us
tease it before but it is finally
dropping very soon in fact I have the
first 100 units under the table right
now and you can get a chance to get
one do you what are you looking for the
I didn't see them well yeah I said I
have them I didn't say you have them why
yeah but it's one
table oh he wasn't
L wow here they are these they're so
small well yeah they're Precision
screwdrivers Luke it's not a competition
they're cute little
boxes anyway the point is they're so Tey
that these are the first 100 we had
these air shipped and we're giving you
an opportunity to purchase one before
anyone else um we have a pop-up event
coming soon so there will be an
in-person opportunity we'll give you
details on that in the future but for
now what you've got to do is you've got
to join the LT Precision mailing list by
Monday you can find that at lmg
Dogg Precision okay so sign up for a
notification before Monday and you'll
get a chance to buy one of these at an
introductory price so from everyone on
the list we're going to select 100
people to get early access to the
screwdriver and the price is going to be
dictated by how long the cap will spin
before
stopping which I was informed of shortly
before the show started there is that
comic Sands Dan I only do everything in
comic Sands good perfect good all right
this product has been in development for
good gravy yeah I guess it's been almost
2 years now not only only is it one of
the best feeling Precision screwdrivers
with an aluminum body
and internal bit storage in the handle
you can store up to three bits in there
but we've added a ceramic and steel Ball
Bearing in the end cap that makes it one
of the best spinning fidget
toys ever so as a bonus for every second
that I can spin the end cap of the
Precision screwdriver we're going to
give each of those 100 people 10 cents
off their Precision screwdriver
oh 10 cents per
second okay uh
well okay so the price goes down the
longer you the longer spin so do I do I
sandbag it so that I don't have to give
as much of a discount no or do I go ham
you got to go hard to try to show off
the the fidget spinner of the product
better y you got to go hard okay give me
a even even from a Strictly Business
standpoint this is just 100 units yeah
you got to show off the you got to show
off the product okay all right you got
to give it countown worst case scenario
tax write off yeah I need a countdown
man what oh that was a good one too J oh
man all right ready yeah 3 2
1 okay so I don't know Luke are you
going to do a topic or something or like
I can yeah I don't know we're already
giving them a we're already wait what is
this oh no it broke we're already giving
them a dollar off yeah it's supposed to
be a dollar
okay we're already giving them $2 off
well I've got a I've got a wait this
good hold on a second that's not what I
was expecting is this a pre-prod one I'm
going to open up a box I'm going to fix
the script hold on I'm going to open up
a box I'm going open up a box Dan's
going to fix the script give me two
seconds here what a terrible show I'm
going to do a topic who even watches the
show wow the bare minimum thanks
thousands of devices are all using the
same key over 200 different device
models sold by Acer Dell HP gigabyte
Intel and super micro have had their
secure boot protection compromised
according to security researchers at
binly several oems have been replacing
the secure boot master key generated by
the BIOS vendor meaning that all 215
device models have the same master key
yeah this is really bad it's all bad
news this week oh I'm so sorry everyone
further that graphic key was published
in a public GitHub repository in
December of 2022 and protected by only a
four character password
yeah sorry
dude everything is trash by the way I
can hear that in your mic oh all right
I'll stop doing that literally fidget
spinning yeah thanks Luke yeah okay Dan
are you ready uh let me see maybe uh
we'll if not we'll just do a normal
encounter we're just going to roll with
it okay okay in the meantime Luke you
can keep telling us about our topic okay
three no what nope D it doesn't matter
you should have just left the old one we
could just do the math fine okay ready
and three wait well you reset it it'll
reset okay all right three 2
one you want me to do a new topic
another
topic that was all dud you started it so
late yeah I
missed what is what is wrong with us it
it just not giving me enough time I mean
we work together every week the what is
happening this was working fine before
the the show started anyway did you
start it over no it just automatically
resets it automatically resets I'm going
to lose
it I'm just trying to to give these
people money off I don't know what's
happening yeah you made it worse I know
how did you do that I don't
know the ioc has voted unanimously to
hold an official Olympics ition in 2025
in Saudi Arabia as both the winter and
summer olympics are only held on evenly
numbered years this means it will be its
own independent event we already know
some of the games that will be involved
and those include League of Legends
rocket League Street Fighter Tekken
iRacing NBA 2K and FIFA again that is
some of the games not all of them where
the heck is StarCraft anyways moving
forward Starcraft oh come on dude it's
so competitive what's the cultural
relevance of
there's like 40 people in Korea that are
going hard when's the last time they
released a game uh I don't know yeah
they Leal Legends is in here League of
Legends is from like 2008 yeah but
people play it h there's 40 Koreans that
play Starcraft oh I would still like to
watch it it's a very fun game to
spectate anyways several popular Esports
titles are notably absent as the ioc has
excluded all first-person shooters as
too violent oh yeah however at a prior
Olympics Esports week a shooting
competition created inside fortnite's
creative mode was
included yeah the previous like Olympic
Esports thing was absolute memes do you
remember that I do remember that it was
garbage so stupid it was like one of the
dumbest things ever so this is something
at least I
guess I do like that rocket League's
there rocket League like rocket League
deserves more okay we're trying again
ready Dan I actually
am this time okay I'll stop that just
make sure that does work okay ready yep
okay I'm going to spin it as hard as I
can
okay ready 3 two
okay it sounds like it's going fast I
think it's going it's that's a
dollar did the did the HVAC just kick in
or is this sounding really
weird okay cool
you're fine you're fine you're fine two
bucks did we ever actually tell them
what the pricing is before the discount
I don't think so cool I don't know if
we've announced pricing yet $3
off
350 still
going
$4 oh I would have been so happy it was
420 450 still going still going and stop
okay 48 you're going to get
$480 off so I'm going to put this back
in the box so it spun for 48 seconds
dang yeah yeah dang yeah d d certified
certified fidget toy put it away oh he
saw me stop playing with it no I can
hear it I can hear it every time you
spin it it's fun I'm going to drive Emma
nuts uh the last thing the last thing is
don't forget to sign up for a
notification for the LT modm
$59.99 coming soon I saw the payment go
out a little while ago so it's very much
coming we uh everyone tells you to use a
safe anti-static work surface but we
looked at the price and quality of the
options that are available on the market
and we felt PC Builders and makers were
being asked to compromise between
building a better PC and having a safe
place to build it so that's why we
created the modmat in coll collaboration
with Mod right the creators of the
original and patented modmat for just
$59.99 uh we're this is the oh we've got
the latest version of the graphics here
now uh no this is not the latest version
uh the radiator guide has been updated a
little bit to look a little bit more
like a radiator there there's a few
other little tweaks um this is a fairly
upto-date version super excited about it
though so don't forget to sign up for
that as well all right what do you want
to talk about what are we supposed to do
Dan you just tell us what to do we'll do
it sure more topics we're going to do it
more topics okay uh oh uh LTT is AI now
sure more great news according to a
leaked spreadsheet released by 404 media
AI video generator Runway was likely
trained on a a large amount of popular
content such as YouTube channels
including LTT Pixar and AMC Theaters and
multiple Disney run channels the
document appears to be a curated list of
recommended media for scraping
comp for scraping compiled by several
Runway employees yikes uh the company
appears to have been looking for certain
kinds of content and video Work LT was
linked to the keyphrase using a laptop
that makes sense I guess while there was
also a spreadsheet labeled cinematic
masterpieces that included uh individual
channels and videos with particularly
high production values including student
films it's unclear if the company
actually scraped pirated content but the
links to piracy sites are included in
the
document I've this has been a thing for
a long time in in early model training
stuff to be clear uh 404 media found
that while the Runway video generator
wouldn't create exact Recreations of
real people It produced results that
were very reminiscent of some YouTube
personalities video Styles when their
name was uh imputed included either way
uh shortly after 404 asked runway for a
comment their video generator stopped
producing these results convenient uh a
former employee claims employee claims
that Runway used open source software
with a proxy configuration to avoid
being blocked by YouTube while they
scraped the videos uh this is standard
practice for scraping to be clear why
would you know that I would why do you
know that Luke can you explain why you
know that please Luke uh when reached
for a comment a representative from
Google reiterated its stance that a
company train it AI on YouTube videos
without permission would violate
YouTube's
to I know that this is going to be a
controversial take
but
yeah as in you're not surprised yeah I'm
not surprised me neither this is this
has been genuinely happening since like
the beginning of this AI scraping stuff
I'm pretty sure we talked on the W show
about how much pirated content was being
used to train models like a year ago um
people are saying Luke why I I didn't do
it for this reason relax
um yeah I heard something I can't find
it right now I heard something about
cloudflare doing something some some
anti-scraping thing but um Cloud flare
bot management is designed to block
content scraping attacks yeah so I think
they're working on that um which is cool
it's always an arms
race I just I
I'm I know that there are creators out
there who are very upset about this um
and maybe part of it is that I've just
come to terms with it over a longer
period of time like I'm not surprised by
it it's still not good uh it's still you
know illegal but the reality of it is
that it was never going to be any way
other than this once you upload
something to the internet the
expectation that if it appears on
someone else's screen they can have it
yes
yeah it's it's like it's like sending
it's like sending nudes via snap and
then being like Oh Auto delete but I
thought it was going to disappear but
but you're not allowed to do that with
it you're not allowed to keep
that say it again if it appears on
someone else's screen they can have it
it's just how it works it you'll never
stop it
because you know maybe they'll lose some
of the quality but they could just point
a video camera at their screen yeah like
it it doesn't doesn't matter they
they'll lose some quality but they'll
still do it they used to have uh move
early movie rips at one point in time
where just people holding video cameras
in theaters yeah and people would
download those the video quality got to
the point where it was pretty good it
was the audio that was the issue yeah
yeah once the once the cameras were like
on a tripod you know it was it was fine
but a lot of the time like it'd be on a
campc yeah and so uh the the the worst
ones the worst ones not saying that they
still do it not that I know anything
about this uh but the worst ones I would
imagine uh were the ones where they had
especially like a stereo microphone on
the camera like you know how some
camcorders would have stereo microphones
and there' be someone yeah there'd be
someone like off to the right that was
like eating popcorn the whole time
whatever uh did we say the the price of
the screw I don't remember what it is
that's why I haven't acknowledged it I
don't
know funny yeah I don't know someone
will um so yeah I I don't know I I think
you can be annoyed about it but I think
letting it like consume you is not the
right way to go companies are going to
work on anti-scraping stuff and like
realistically okay I I upload this
content to YouTube or I upload my post
to Reddit or whatever it's like okay so
some VC funded [__] is benefiting
from this and it's not the VC funded
[__] that I
intended yeah and and and and you know
it's not that simple want my VC funded
[__] to have all of it yeah like
which no like which billionaire are we
rooting for I just unless it's a fight
to the death I'm afraid I just can't get
that invested yeah yeah and and you know
what it's that's not that's not it's not
that simple right like obviously Google
at least split some of the revenue back
to the creators and and that is really
different than like what were these guys
what were these guys valued at these
Runway guys who I I never used their
service I might have heard of them once
before but it was like billions of
dollars or something yeah yeah billions
of dollars they generate like zero
Revenue as far as I can tell I'm sure
they' generate some Revenue oh okay they
were trying to raise $450 million at
about a $4 billion valuation that
doesn't technically mean they're worth
that much yeah there you go so it's like
these guys are you know worth whatever
but they're not they're not sharing any
of that money it's not even it's not
even real money it's all just like paper
VC money right so I'm just looking at it
going yeah and um none none of this
surprises me and I just don't think
anything is going to change that
much um Michael mcen chzn in float plane
chat says the cam version of Avengers
endgame was actually awesome because it
had all the audience reaction to cool
stuff like Steve picking up Thor's
hammer and stuff that's pretty funny
that's actually really kind of neat
that's that's pretty cool it's like
theater experience it's like having it's
like watching with friends but you don't
need anys friends was very convenient
for you yeah honestly
though dude I haven't watched a movie in
the theater room since I got back from
my last
trip oh in the theater room yeah so it's
been like weeks oh wow that's actually
surprising yeah I I I wish I found more
time to use it with that said it's
summer and without even thinking about
it our family has kind of a seasonality
to our activities I I was kind of feel
toward the end of the winter I was kind
of feeling like man we just default to
playing video games and like watching
movies all the time we should get out
more we should get out more and then
summer came out and I'm like why do I
even have a theater room we never use
the bloody thing so it's probably fine
probably fine yeah I I genuinely I'm
sure there's something that I did in
between then but the last time I really
remember going to the theater was the
last time you and I went to a Star Wars
movie
dude that was that was a minute ago I
just stopped caring no that's not true
it was also with you though and I'm 99%
sure this was actually the last time no
we went to go watch Barbie oh yeah
Barbie was sick though yeah yeah okay
before that was probably Kingsman prob
Star Wars I haven't been that into
Kingsman 3 sucked movies in a while I
used to go to movie theater pretty often
in like the low 20s well you and
everyone theater industry struggling
hard yeah super hard a lot of stuff
releasing I'm just not that interested L
Music 996 in float plane chat goes I
used to cam LTT content just because I
missed the 2000s okay dude what the is
going on I already knew about the trend
where Zoomers are buying like retro
digital cameras right like you know how
Millennials got into film cameras cuz
they were retro and like Polaroids bad
digital cameras
are buying like crappy digital cameras
hope no no no this gets so much worse
this gets so much worse okay they're
buying like crappy digital cameras for
the aesthetic
mhm i h the the idea of spending money
on this it gives me physical pain um we
did colins's AMD ultimate Tech upgrade
and we didn't even make it to the
computer before I just about had my eyes
roll out of my sockets by one of his
purchases okay he bought a little video
input box that has a little screen on it
has a little battery on it and a Micro
SD slot that plugs into the output the
analog output of like a crappy tape
camcorder see I broke his brain people
are going they're acquiring like old
tape camcorders and then they're they
are getting these micro SD recording
boxes so that they can get that like
that like behind the scenes early 2000s
skate video I was going to say aesthetic
I hope they bring back fish Islands
skate videos cuz those were sick I was
looking through the like peephole on my
door the other day and I I got nostalgic
for old fish Islands skate
videos I like yeah all right anyway
things were cool oh man oh man tape cam
quarters are brat says east of East you
know I embrace it do what you want yeah
do what you want but get some get some
yeah somebody mentioned super eights get
some super eights why not why you got to
spend poor amd's money on that how much
was it like how much are these old
camers going for I have no idea I can't
imagine there's actually honestly even
that many that are like in good
condition
still like getting a good quality one in
good condition is probably pretty hard I
swear I swear every single time I try to
open up Facebook it asked me to log in
again it used to be one of the least
annoying Services probably you shouldn't
be logged in that
computer is that because people keep
logging me out I actually don't know I
Blame You people good good job whoever
when in doubt blame you people yep uh
enter ZIP code what do you mean ZIP code
you must know approximately speaking of
blaming people I'm going to give Dan
some credit here one of the first things
I tked no one of the first things I
tasked Dan with when uh we started
working together was to fix a Wan show I
haven't even thought about it yeah
that's that's the goal yeah in like a
super long time yeah isn't that nice I
don't I don't freak out the entire show
anymore yeah I I just I I realized like
I don't even remember when but I was
like remember when that was like a
problem yeah it used to be really
stressful sucked I refinished the table
today oh yeah sort of I did my best
attempts were made you should have seen
it before yeah did you see the picture
yeah yeah the the dye bottle or the
bleach bottle like foamed and overflowed
and wrecked the finish on the table I
bet you guys didn't even notice though
especially cuz my water bottle's there
to sanded it stained it and oiled the
table oh it needs filling probably would
have said don't bother doing that it was
really obvious like extreme yeah but I
would have just done this yeah that's
cheating no it's
fine okay well anyway here's uh here's
what cam quarters are worth oh my
goodness okay yeah I was talking to wait
that's actually a super eight isn't it
yeah whoa I was
joking oh yeah no these are like
apparently worth money at least if they
work Beast I was talking to Mark and uh
he's convinced me that I think we should
go in for the purchase of a CRT camera
um you know that old media if you've
ever seen Acura or something like that
where the bikes are going past the
screen and their lights have giant
Trails behind them yeah that's a real
camera that can do that and it's a CRT
tube camera mhm which is kind of insane
I think those should be everybody for
nothing no not for not for you oh just
for personal use oh yeah yeah yeah okay
well you guys enjoy that I just well
then do whatever you'd like yeah you can
do whatever you
like um I am I no it's the children who
are
wrong I
honestly no it's the children who are
wrong you know what's messing me up CDs
are invoke right what is up with that
cassettes vinyl f CDs no it's good it's
it's just a light it's just it's just an
MP3 with extra steps it's great it's
Spotify but you have to store it
somewhere no that's good unbelievable
unbelievable that CDs are trendy imagine
we came back to Cons with cartridges I
can't that' be so sick dude the switch
still exists I'm not even dead yet yeah
I haven't used it in a long time oh
laser disc let's bring back laser disc
laser disc I bought a a friend laser
disc for for his birthday actually nice
that's awesome all
right be like CDs actually sound so much
better than streaming I mean yeah if you
don't you could but you can stream fls
like you can stream high quality files
you don't have to stream the lowest
quality thing and realistically you're
probably listening to it on your airpods
anyway so I don't know okay okay if
you're if you're talking about the
better quality of you know CD recordings
then yeah you're probably not but still
all right what are we what are what else
is there to talk about
uh we could talk about the Canadians
getting caught spying with drones yeah
what's going on yeah so a coach for the
Canadian women soccer team has been
suspended following an accusation from
the New Zealand team that the Canadian
side used drones to spy on two of their
practice sessions notably the Canadian
women's team is the defending gold
medalist and ranked eighth in the world
while the New Zealand team is ranked
28th it's like really media reports have
surfaced also that the team might have
used similar tactics at previous
tournaments including the last
Olympics which has the potential to
affect their past title now Canada
soccer head Kevin blue says that the
Canadian men's team also attempted to
use a drone to gather information during
their recent Copa America tournament in
the US their coach Jessie Marsh has
denounced the practice as has John
Herdman who coached the women's team
from 2011 to 2 18 and the men's team
from 2018 to 2023 uh Christine Sinclair
who was the team captain in 2020 denies
that players had knowledge of this
spying the Optics are terrible yeah for
this and the evidence is probably not on
the drones though is
is got it the evidence is
nonzero um and I think that this this
raises a ton of questions about fairness
in sport and how technology
should because they got
caught which means there's others doing
it almost certainly which means there's
others doing how long they've been doing
it and one of the people that was
interviewed about this and talking about
like how uncomfortable it made them that
they were being asked to record this but
you know feared retribution and didn't
want to speak out or whatever was
talking about how yeah they don't always
use a drone like if they know where the
team's going to be practicing they can
just like get a hotel room yeah there's
so just because there wasn't a drone
flying over your practice doesn't mean
that a competitor wasn't watching it
considering it said that the coach had
denounced the practice like the way
that's worded this sounds like it's like
a huge deal um that's a different coach
so head coach but but saying that what
I'm saying is the way that that's worded
it sounds like this is more of a global
thing I'm sure other teams are probably
also doing it as I don't know and I
don't want to deflect the ones who
that's fair enough we're the Canadians
that's fair enough yeah simp that cont
um and I don't know man so they beat New
Zealand in their match
already are we just going to are we just
going to yeah what do we do yeah what
what do we what do we do with this and
it's not like 100% confirmed dude dude
dude dude French authorities got the
Drone oh they they caught they caught a
Canadian soccer uh like I think they
were an associate coach or something I
forget exactly who it was but they
caught someone affiliated with Canadian
soccer retrieving the Drone and found
footage of not just that practice but
another one so it was not like oh yeah I
don't know maybe I'll like do this one
time no this was an effort that was
made not cool yeah I mean if you get
caught cheating you should get you
should get tons of crap for it yeah the
coaches coaches were sent home man rough
for the team will we ever have an
Olympics that isn't just full of Scandal
no man you see the anything with that
level of competition you see the
dressage uh
athlete I don't know I've never really
understood that as a sport the way that
some other sports are yeah it's like
competitive making a horse contort its
body into weird positions while you ride
around on it
in yeah no yeah I have not uh speaking
of the W show doing really good
apparently it's
down so we'll get that sorted out when
Dan's gone pretty soon yeah that figures
um
anyway why don't we jump into our next
topic
here which
is oh how's the LT screwdriver holding
up the first college sports game in 11
years I'm actually kind of happy about
this
one after launching last Friday EA's
college football 25 is already looking
to be one of the biggest games of the
year having sold over 2.2 million
pre-order copies this is the first game
in the series in over a decade after the
last game NCAA Football 15 was cancelled
during development a major factor in the
Hiatus was a high-profile lawsuit by
former NCAA players that the series had
used thousands of student athletes
likeness without payment or permission
all of which is really bad
but uh we'll get to that soon so the
National Collegiate Athletics
Association had strict requirements
preventing student athletes from making
money from sponsorships or leasing their
likenesses which is terrible because it
wanted them to be seen as amateurs uh
which would Shield universities from
needing to pay them or compensate them
in case of injury also terrible EA
wanted an exception to these rules but
when the NCAA refused the game company
proceeded to use the likenesses with the
names of the athletes removed the suit
was settled with EA paying 40 million
and the NCAA paying 20 million in
Damages so basically it was a
competition of who can find the best
gaps in the rules to exploit student
athletes and keep as much of the reward
for themselves as possible this is
pretty normal but in in May of this year
the NCAA reached a legal settlement that
allows student athletes to be paid
freaking finally it's very good paid for
their work EA jumped into action and
contacted around 11,000 student athletes
over 10,000 of which have agreed to have
their likeness in the new game over the
course of three months the company used
cuttingedge AI projection
software to create 3D avatars of each of
those players who will be compensated
though okay so someone's getting paid
even if it's not the artists mhm and
have the opportunity to make more money
by promoting the game EA has also
promised to prevent users from adding
players who didn't agree to be included
which as someone who's generally Pro
modding
though I am mixed
on uh I'm not mixed on it if you can add
in other madeup players sure okay sure
yeah okay they said specifically AI
players that didn't agree to be included
I know but if as a modder I can add in a
madeup player then I can add in a madeup
player who is a real player sure right
okay so I'm I'm just saying if EA
specifically puts in counter measures
against adding you know my own modded
players no I'm generally not that chill
with that I agree but it the way it's
worded it sounds like they're they're
probably making so you can't like name
players after people name custom players
after people that don't want to be
included stuff like that I actually I
kind of like that approach I like that
that's how I read this I'm I'm not sure
if that's what's going to happen create
any likeness you want and import it into
the game but you can't just make them
that player yeah um so our discussion
question isn't this ideally how these
kinds of R disputes should work I mean
it shouldn't take 10
years this problem shouldn't have
existed in the first place uh the way
that student athletes are exploited is
deplorable it's disgusting um but hey
I'm not going to and and yeah everyone
who participated in this basically
sucks however however I'm not going to
knock progress and this feels like
progress to me I'm happy to see it yeah
yeah rivan says no to Apple carplay
based really no I don't care I just knew
you'd react that way dude no I strongly
disagree I hate it um their CEO says
that rivan will not be adding carplay to
their vehicles as rationale they
explained that carplay reflects Apple's
ethos of a controlled ecosystem and
wouldn't be consistent with the rest of
the infotainment system in particular it
would require drivers to exit out of the
app before they could access other
important features like opening the
vehicle's front trunk rivan will however
be integrating many features offered by
carplay into its own system our
discussion question here is why doesn't
the trunk have its own
button that is the real question here is
why I need to use the screen to do that
in the first place big agree no my
screen in my car should absolutely allow
me to use Android auto or carplay or and
don't quote me on this but I remember
having a conversation with someone where
they basically were like yeah I don't
think anything would really prevent you
from doing a pip like like running
carplay or Android auto in a window and
maintaining some interface around it not
having Android auto or carplay is not
anything that anyone says it's because
they want to have the data instead of
giving it to Google orle certainly and
fair enough just understand that I will
never buy your car
because I am not interested especially
seeing what just happened with
Fisker I am and like rivian is by no
means immune to the same fate as Fisker
they seem to be doing a lot better they
seem to actually they seem like they're
going to make it so I'm not saying I'm
not saying rivan you know going bad or
anything like that I'm just saying they
are absolutely not immune to
disappearing at some point in the next 2
years 5 years 10 years 20 years doesn't
matter
I want my infotainment system to be just
plug in and run whatever updated device
that I'm running at that time I do not
want to be locked into and beholden to
your software
updates not cool and I will just never
buy a rivan ever and uh good for you I
guess has a a poll on that website
called X um would you consider buying a
car that does not have Android auto or
apple
carplay uh and almost 60% of people said
no with almost 200,000
votes so there you go you have just
locked yourself out of
57.6% of the market good job if I was an
investor in rivan and obviously this is
an imperfect pull and you know sampling
and blah blah blah blah
blah but I would say if there was a demo
that overlapped more perfectly with
rivan's potential customer base than
marquez's show me one show it to me yeah
really right like these are these are
these are Tech interested people EV
interested people I I assume they have a
lot of interest that align with Mr
Marquez brownley himself um I'm sorry I
I just don't really I just don't really
buy it uh Dan did you make that poll yes
it's too softly worded what's our poll
uh car with Android auto or apple
carplay yes it should have it or no I'm
okay without it okay I don't even see
the results but that's fine it's it's
even more strong yes it should have it
as like 75% but um it's not like I
refuse to buy a car without it and the
thing is that I'm not even I'm not even
saying that I'm not even saying that I
want to have to use it there are things
that I prefer like buy a long shot
about Tesla's interface the fact that my
nanny stupid Android auto won't let me
input text while I'm moving drives me
absolutely bananas in a lot of cases it
is far more distracting to try to
vocalize and address for example versus
just typing like two numbers in and then
having it autocomplete for me and and
going um Tesla so just vastly Superior
in that way
what just don't worry about I'm asking
the real questions here
Luke should rivan have Firefox on their
infotainment system really mean 77% of
people so far saying yes this is what
FIP plane is here for yeah yeah all
right every you every user on FIP plane
uses Firefox 78% now and you as well
yeah yeah it's official I do I do use
Firefox now for person new news Intel
has a plan do they they say again they
have discovered the cause of the
widespread instability issues affecting
their high-end 13th and 14th gen CPUs or
I should say especially high-end an
issue with the micr code algorithm that
caused the CPU to request elevated
operating voltage beyond safe levels the
company says they will deliver a patch
addressing the problem in August uh this
will not repair processors that are
already crashing due to pass damage but
it should prevent further damage on
processors that are not Intel has
pledged to replace CPUs for all affected
users it is not yet clear whether some
CPUs have suffered invisible damage that
may cause them to fail prematurely in
the future Beyond Intel there's more bad
news in CPU land AMD has delayed the
launch of their ryzen 9000 Series CPUs
from the end of July to mid- August
after they found some kind of flaw in
the first batch of chips during final
checks although I say bad news because
it's like bad news for amd's bottom line
but it's actually good news the fact
that these didn't make it to customers
means that the reputational damage is
just oh yeah AMD you know bunged up
there delayed their launch compared to
AMD shipped broken products to their
customers yeah so
I'm I'm I'm I'm pretty I'm excited to
see how ryzen 99000 shakes up we haven't
tested it yet obviously because nobody
has working chips then nobody can test
it uh but based on amd's claims looks
like it's going to be pretty good and
being able to just put it in as a drop
in replacement for ryzen 7 000 pretty
exciting I don't have an x3d chip so I'm
kind of eyeing
it yeah thanks Luke good
contribution yeah do you want do you
want to do you want to tell the uh the
story about why you're talking less
today I can yeah all right so once upon
a time lonus never let Luke talk on W
show and whenever Luke tried lonus
immediately started talking again anyway
and basically what's the point of even
Luke being here none of us are sure
sorry but I've just been here the whole
time so just no one really wants to
change it um yeah it's like that picture
it's it's like that magnet on the fridge
like no one even remembers who put it
there anymore it has no significance at
all but everyone will put it back
because it's like just supposed to be
there it falls down you always you
always put it back there yeah um yeah no
I I had dental work done recently and um
it it didn't like heal fully properly so
Dental damn my
I shouldn't be making him smile it's
actually really mean he's in a lot of
pain I'm sorry Luke so my my gums and my
jaw were like inflamed not infected just
inflamed and swollen um but as I've
talked about on W show before I have
weird what ustation tubes or whatever
they're called um the the swelling of
that caused my ear to kind of crush a
little bit I guess I don't know and then
I went swimming after last W show this
is the theory this is the theory that
the doctor has not not me but it makes a
lot of sense um I went swimming and and
maybe some of the pool water had a hard
time getting out so then I developed an
ear infection because of that I went to
my dentist because I thought that made
sense cuz I had this pain in my jaw and
I was like maybe that's causing the pain
in the ear and the dentist was like yeah
that's probably what's happening so just
like here's a here's a little manual
squishy water thing and like clean your
teeth out after you eat stuff and just
keep the area really clear for a while
and it'll it'll heal up so I thought all
the pain I was feeling in my ear this
whole time was because of the tooth
stuff so I've had an untreated ear
infection for a week and just been in
pain constantly the entire week um and I
finally I went to the doctor today to
get like a second opinion and he was
like oh
yeah nice your ear is uh not doing great
so now I'm on antibiotics and some other
stuff is going on I have eardrops and
all this kind of stuff but that started
today so
uh the pain kind of comes in waves so
right now we're we're a little we
started the show low right now it's kind
of high and I suspect it'll go back down
pretty soon and that's just how it's
been going this whole time um so yeah
that's where I'm at I was supposed to
fly to Wisconsin tomorrow I am no longer
doing that oh yeah yeah that's not
happening CU it's already a problem for
me like even even when I don't have an
ear infection my my ears popping coming
up and down is like already an issue
right um so like now it's like the yeah
the doctor was like yeah no you might
rupture your eardrum you're not flying I
was like okay well it's a good thing you
checked yes cuz that's pretty scary yeah
and like last I checked when you're like
you know at 40,000 ft or whatever it is
immediate Medical Care not really not
awesome not really an option yeah um
yeah so that's unfortunate
I can't I I don't think I can say on the
show what I was going to go do there
because it would be a spoiler for
somebody else but it was going to be
cool and I'm sad it's not happening now
that's a bummer it's all
right I'm just collapsing topics we've
already done yeah yeah it's like pretty
much everything we have the screwdriver
thing and we have the companies using
co-pilot I want to do the co-pilot one
all right corporate early adopters of
Microsoft's co-pilot AI assistant say
they're still struggling to integrate
into their workflow one widespread issue
is that it needs to be fed lots of data
in order to work effectively but if the
wrong information is included that can
make it a target for hacking it can also
wind up being a back door for employees
to spy on their co-workers or projects
elsewhere in the company unless its
users are willing to extensively rework
backend labeling and permissions for
this information
yikes that makes never thought about
that actually yeah like if we dumped the
contents of our server
into a large language
model it would be a disaster you'd be
able to ask it about things for sure
yeah why not of course co-pilot
apparently does well when summarizing
and Distilling information but struggles
to understand the context of certain
requests it can handle commands that
only involve one app but struggles when
dealing with multiple apps though these
companies report better results when
employees are specifically trained how
to use cop I thought that was the whole
idea behind AI assistance behind digital
assistance in the first place
was that it was supposed to be natural
interaction I've resisted roll outs um
in the company that don't involve people
that are going to spend a decently
significant amount of time learning how
to use it properly because of this type
of stuff there's a I thought this was
going to talk about a previous report
that came out of Microsoft that's
actually super interesting they released
like a a some form of like research
document on early adoption um to to
co-pilot in businesses and they talked
very transparently actually about how it
was in a lot of cases bad they're like
yeah people's output is higher but their
quality of output is lower and their
total errors is higher because they're
just submitting
AI work and not properly checking it and
the whole thing with AI work is you need
to read through it because it looks
convincing but it can just pull
information out of nowhere that
literally doesn't exist and make stuff
up um so it it can be a problem so you
want to be careful using it in different
uh different Realms and you know what
else you should use our sponsor what do
you have for breakfast this morning if
you answered Bagel Bites and chocolate
milk I have some bad news for you that's
probably not a well-balanced breakfast
what am I even looking at but our
sponsor ag1 can help fill in some of
your nutritional blind spots in just one
scoop as a matter of fact some members
of our team have included in their daily
routine like Maria our thumbnail artist
who said she thinks it tastes a bit like
a pina colada
Maria um I'm not going to take
restaurant recommendations from her but
still if she likes it she likes it
anyway the point is it's made up of
ingredients like apple beetroot cocoa
beans and more and is backed by multiple
thirdparty research studies on the whole
formula rather than just cherry-picked
ingredients all are Placebo controlled
and according to ag1 done in double
blind environments the results can be
found right on their website so try out
ag1 and get a free one-year supply of
vitamin D3 K2 and five free AG 1 Travel
packs with your first purchase at drink
a1.com
wow the show is also brought to you by
Squarespace you can look different on
different occasions but you always want
to look professional for your business
amazing our sponsor Squarespace is
basically like a makeup artist for your
online presents hopefully they don't
make you look like that but that's okay
they make your business look
professionally polished so you can close
that sweet deal and building a website
is easy with Squarespace you can
literally just drag and drop the designs
with Squarespace blueprint AI you can
find a theme that matches your taste add
your product info and you're done no
coding necessary the new Squarespace
design intelligence feature helps you
with your brand identity product
descriptions emails and onboarding for
your new website and most importantly
your customers have the flexibility to
pay you through PayPal and even Apple
pay as I'm sure you've heard we use
Squarespace for our website too so
there's no time wasted around here
Googling why is my website broken
because squarespace's team is always
there to help us so start by building
your website today and get 10% off your
first purchase by visiting
squarespace.com
slw finally the show is brought to you
by Greenman gaming instead of spending
your money to see me die on camera we
have a smarter way to spend your money
with our sponsor Green Man Gaming their
summer sale starts July 26th and goes
until August 2nd with over three
,500 titles discounted want to fill your
crime Enterprise dreams fulfill I guess
uh like it Dragon legendary hero Edition
is 82% off feeling more like a
disheveled detective disco elisium the
Final Cut is 75% off I really need to
play this um I might actually just buy
this after the show have you always
wanted to have a big yellow head like me
you can save 60% off of a copy of
SpongeBob square of pants the cosmic
Shake plus there's so much more from
Publishers like 2K Sony and Square Enix
Greenman gaming is an official PC games
retailer and they work directly with
over 1,300 Publishers and developers
ensuring that all the keys they offer
are the real deal and you will be
supporting the creators plus you can get
an additional 15% off with code summer
15 which we will have Linked In the
video description okay that's pretty
cool I am going to go buy disco elisium
after I'm going to play it finally going
to play it what do you not like Disco
elisium Dan uh no I do I have other
thoughts on it uh we'll talk after the
show
bye oh intriguing is it is it
controversial uh something with the
publisher or I I can't exactly remember
the game is absolutely amazing but the
creators of it aren't getting paid oh
oh uh is it publisher related it okay
thank you okay well I uh will okay uh uh
uh merch messages yeah speaking of
getting paid yes hey transition wait are
we are we it's after dark wait isn't
there one more
topic we got to do merch messages isn't
topic but uh but yeah disco leum is
awesome you should go play it but I
should pirate it
uh Linux isos download it for
Linux okay uh Luke what is your take on
so many bugs making it into production
products lately the crowd strike outage
secure boot exploits it seems like
nobody wants to validate before
deployment anymore are we supposed to be
after dark right now Dan no oh we're
still in the middle of the show uh when
you're promoting moving as fast as
possible more things are going to break
um I don't know there there's been bugs
shipped in code for all eternity and
there will be more moving forward I
think people's expectations of levels of
Polish have practically always gone up
um the the crowd strike thing I mean if
you look
into I don't know do I want to go down
this if you look into the history of the
the CEO he was uh the head of another
antivirus company when there was another
massive Global crazy issue um so maybe
there's some attachment there um I I'm
not sitting here trying to project that
this person writes all the code and
pushes all the code and makes those
types of decisions but it could be a
situation where they're pushing for
Speed maybe a little bit too much and
those types of issues are able to slip
through I'm not sure but those types of
envi environments can cater to that type
of problem
um companies used to QA before releasing
software and games yeah they still do um
I don't think it's fair to say that they
they don't anymore and I don't think
it's fair to say that they actually
really did in the past there's lots of
cartridge games that released that were
literally impossible to complete I'm so
far ahead of you I'm so ready what Final
Fantasy 6 has a very famous bug uh the
evade stat on the SNES version does
absolutely nothing yeah it just it just
your evade stat can be higher it can be
lower it doesn't work it doesn't do
anything how something like that would
have made it into a finished game yeah
it's wild it's is mindboggling until you
consider that software is buggy and
people are human and bugs exist and
there was no way to patch it once they
started shipping cartridges that's it
see you later I do think patching things
these days is more convenient so people
have put less intention and less value
into pre-testing I wasn't done oh okay
because we all need an update on whether
you're ever going to finish playing that
Bloody
game yes I am uh I actually have a very
convenient excuse this weekend uh cuz I
was supposed to be out of the country
and now I won't be so maybe I'll play it
now oh you mean an excuse to play it as
opposed to an excuse to not play it no
I'm going to ask you next week and
you're going to be like yeah I was going
to play it on the plane but then I
didn't take the
plane see I'm also way ahead of your
excuses L you want you want to know
something
funny the controller is packed in my bag
for the plane cuz I was going to play on
the plane you want to know something
really funny yeah I shot a video with
David this week he's liquid a ton of his
retro collection which you guys will
actually get a shot at uh so I worked I
worked this up with David where it's
it's not like it's not like a business
negotiation there was no handshake but
um he was he's uh liquidating a lot of
his retro collection because he's moving
into um a new place
and I was like oh well maybe we could do
like a tech Hoarders episode but you
know I always I always believe that
deals should be win-win and so I was
like okay normally it would be a little
bit weird Optics wise to like use the
platform of the company to promote a
personal sale but if the company's
getting a video out of it and also like
we're going to do a follow-up video on
his like Retro Gaming cave at his new
place that has a lot less memorabilia
but has like upgraded gear that was
funded by selling the
memorabilia but then it's almost like an
ultimate Tech upgrade but entirely
self-funded but then the company could
maybe contribute like some resources
like laser time and machine time to make
some cool decor and like so figuring out
how to have a how to create some
synergies here so anyway I was shooting
this video with David and uh he was he
was he came to me partially in addition
to all that because he needed some help
and the help he needed was the kick in
the butt that he needed to get rid of a
lot more of it than he otherwise would
have um where was I going with this I
completely forget where we where we
started here talking about Final Fantasy
6 right so so there were a couple of
things so one I made him get rid of so
much more than he planned he I've seen
David stressed we've worked together a
very long time man he's got he had his 5
years might be did he start pre-co he's
got to be darn close did he start pre-co
I I think so then yeah dude anyway he's
he's got to be around there somewhere
the point is David and I not only worked
together for a long time now but we've
worked together a lot I tend to work
with the camera team more than anybody
else because that's what I spend most of
my time doing is shooting um
so where was I going with this right
I've seen him stressed
dude you will you have never seen
tension like this in an ldt video where
I was like he brought me in to like push
him to dehorty his
situation but he collected all this
stuff because he like wants it and he
had already sorted it before I got there
and
like was open to me pushing him harder
but was not enjoying it um but one of
the things that I did to to kind of help
ease it is I was like okay I told myself
before I came here that I wasn't going
to buy a bunch of this stuff because I I
I love the stuff too and I was like no
no no no no I'm not doing this no matter
how convenient it is that he already has
like pre-modded consoles and like all
kinds of thing that I would love to
collect
um but what I told him is that if I buy
anything I will buy it for um I think it
was it was either it was either 2x or 3x
like sticker so there were two things I
bought I bought a copy of Final Fantasy
Tactics for the PlayStation one that's
cool which I should have done ages ago I
have played through that game
partway at least half a dozen times and
I've played through it all the way twice
yeah not not only is that a cool game
that he'll almost certainly play but
it's also cool because you've talked
about it like forever and I have never
bought that game yeah and that is even
by my own sort of you know piracy ethics
code not okay uh I needed to buy a copy
of that game at some point by the time I
played it it had been out of print
anyway like there was no there was no
time at which uh squar soft I don't
think they were Square Enix yet would
have gotten any money from me for it and
me buying this used copy doesn't give
them any money in any way um but at
least I own a physical copy of the game
I have definitely owned it now um so I
bought that and I bought a SNES
controller and I told him it's because
I'm sure Luke is never giving me mine
back I will sure well in case you don't
I still have two
now that was a really long story really
boring by apologies I think we got
Precision screwdriver
cost oh do we Okay what is it I'm
surprised I want I want you to read it
to make sure that it's right well where
do I read it uh it's under the how is
the LTT screwdriver holding up section
of the document oh okay um oh no I can't
do that no no I got it I got it I got it
wait I don't got it where is it I don't
even see
it under the oh sorry under the title of
it
oh is it really that I don't know I to
what part of I don't okay my kids do
this all the time they'll say where's
mom and I'll say I don't know and
they'll say is she upstairs I'll be like
what I just tell you well no here here
I'm asking I don't know for BS
detector already sent me a screenshot
from something that Nick light said okay
cool okay it's $29.99 so then it's was
it $480 off something like that yeah
okay so it's going to be 25 bucks for
the first 100
nice really does that seem right that's
what I was saying it's like all metal
machined and stuff that's what I was
saying what the expensive bearing and
everything we haven't even talked about
some of the key benefits of it um this
is a really cool product and it's it's
little thing just like with the chat's
like you can't take it back like just
like with the screwdriver you guys um
it's not like we invented screwdrivers
it's not like we invented ratcheting
screwdrivers it's not like we invented
ratcheting screwdrivers with bit storage
in the handle like but that doesn't
change the fact that a product can be
much greater than the sum of its parts
and uh I think we're up in the
neighborhood of around 150,000
screwdrivers now like absolutely
colossal numbers I'm probably I'm
probably underestimating I'm making sure
that the number that I say is is what
we've sold and the reason for that is
not because people just are suckers and
fall for influencers or whatever the
case may be it's because it's a really
good screwdriver it's greater than the
sum of its parts it's well balanced it
feels good in the hand it's durable uh
people absolutely love it in fact we've
got a whole topic um based on uh people
on Reddit just posting how much they
love their screw drivers I'm a
technician at a science museum I use the
something out of it people are showing
this thing being absolutely beat up to
hecking back like you can tell this one
is shiny this one is glossy uh from use
uh I okay it's a beater screwdriver I do
other percussive maintenance anyway the
point is people absolutely love this
product and it's because we care so much
about little fine details and on this
one one of the big ones and it's really
hard to tell from here but our Precision
bits are about the same length
as you would find in the industry
standard but the actual shank is much
longer and hex is much shorter and if
you've ever used a Precision kit then
you guys will probably know that
occasionally they don't reach deep
enough and it's pretty fraking annoying
and uh we felt the same way so we
designed our Precision bits to reach
just a little bit deeper we couldn't go
too long on them someone asks if we can
travel with these well if you travel
with another one you can travel with
this one because they're exactly the
same length as other people's bits but
the usable depth on the skinny shank
ones is significantly greater um and we
couldn't go a ton longer because there's
going to be durability concerns for some
of the really small ones like it is not
a substitute for just like a long shaft
fixed um like a fixed bit screwdriver um
and and as you go like as you go really
long there'll be too much wobble and
stuff like that like there's other
design concerns but we've got a super
strong magnet we've got this longer
shank and I think you're going to find
that the day-to-day usability is
noticeably greater so yeah just just
really excited about uh just really
excited about this product and yeah
pricing downright reasonable I I
legitimately just didn't know what the
pricing was going to be that doesn't
mean nobody ever talked to me about it
at some point I someone probably told me
at some point not top of mind yeah just
it's just been a while yep yeah finally
freaking finally I feel like this
thing's been basically ready for so long
and then it is freaking finally actually
ready was manufacturing stuff that held
it off CU I feel like it it was
everything yeah I mean I told the story
recently about how it turns out that the
uh the measurements of these small bits
are not industry standard so the
standard I man tinan or Kyle would
remember the standard is to have it be
the right measurement on no on the bit
side and then have the Tolerance on the
screwdriver side but everyone else has
the right measurement on the screwdriver
side and then the bits are smaller to
account for tolerance or something like
that so we had done it the right way but
it turns out everybody else does it the
other way and so there was a risk that
our standard sized bits with their
tolerances would occasionally be too big
for other people's uh ision screwdriver
and we're like okay well people might
want our bits they might buy our bits to
put in their existing kit because of the
longer the longer shafts and they might
discover that like they don't fit or
something like that so we didn't want to
deal with that fair enough so we had to
like redo it
anyway uh are we going to switch to
after dark because I think we're pretty
close we're we're out of topics out of
topics okay after dark it
is it's no longer dark we just changed
the yeah we just changed the logo now
people didn't like the that we were
sitting in the dark on lmg Clips which
makes sense which makes sense when you
take it out of the context of the show
it's yeah it's kind of stupid yeah I get
it I get it you guys are reason but we
do this now yeah yeah it s like a you
know dark kind of works dark purple yeah
oh it's a light purple Ghost type mid
purple
ghost thanks for that
uh okay I got some BR brat purple brat
purple no Brat's green you haven't even
listened to it I don't know
suck not brat no not at all not Bret uh
okay I got some merch messages here
let's see uh question for lonus do you
still frequent beat saber which platform
have you settled on watching on a quest
3 I haven't been playing much lately
because the majority of my exercise has
been swimming lately although Ivonne did
beat saber for her for her cardio last
night and we are still on PC I'm still
on the valve index it's just it's the
best overall package the big screen
Beyond is super cool and there's lots of
other really cool headsets from the lake
of varo or vario or however you
pronounce that uh the quest 3 is super
affordable and practical but I already
have an index it's a little frustrating
that that is true and the index released
in 2019 yeah but it's it's outside in
tracking it's which still the screen is
good enough it's the best dude the
nearfield speakers on it really good
they freaking Crush yeah they're
outstanding like what what am I going to
do I'm going to like apple Vision like
what am I supposed to upgrade to dude at
this point I would buy like a screen
upgrade for my index yeah over a lot of
the other options that are out there so
I just I just keep ending up back at the
index
index is based I hope Deckard gets new
says katos I heard Deckard is supposed
to be inside out though I'm not
interested in wearing a phone on my face
y I just want an index with a better
screen that and the index Comfort is so
good like it's just it's just it's a
great
package hi
W.D just built first PC with me and my
brother it's a sick basement gaming rig
nice what was the first PC that you
built what OS did it run mine runs
Fedora 40 love the new scrapyard
Wars first PC I ever built ran Windows
XP uh it was an Athlon 2500 plus Barton
core I overclocked it to the same clock
speed as a 3200 plus which I believe was
2.2 GHz or like 2 2.3 something um I had
512 Megs that's right Megs of DDR one
memory running in single Channel um cuz
I you know thought I might expand later
I had a
120 uh gigabyte which was very common
back then 120 gigabyte uh SATA drive I I
spent wow uh yeah I spent um
Less on the I got I got less cash I got
the two Meg cash 120 gig one instead of
the 8 Meg cache 80 gig one I wanted more
capacity versus more cas I wasn't
convinced that cash made that big of a
difference I had a soultech
MRN L motherboard uh enforce enforce 4
chipset um I had an ntech
lanboy which had a smart blue 350 watt
power supply and then I reused my old
peripheral so I had an old CRT from my
uncle's old computer which was
unironically fine um and then Microsoft
natural ergonomic keyboard and just like
a generic I probably had a ball Mouse at
the beginning I don't even know if I had
like a generic laser mouse yet but at
some point I got like a generic Logitech
laser mouse and then I used a uh piece
of A4 paper as a mouse pad for actually
I I went through some upgrades to
everything else before I ditched the A4
paper mouse
pad my my first PC was my first PC that
I built myself was Windows XP I had
built stuff with my dad that was earlier
than that but realistically how much of
that was my own doing is probably very
small like my dad was doing basically
everything at that point in time and if
you're asking What GPU did I have I
didn't that's why I got the MRN L cuz it
had onboard GeForce Graphics which
spoiler alert remember when I talked
earlier about how Nvidia Bamboozled me
once before I was very knowledgeable
with their misleading naming GeForce 4
MX was a lot closer architecturally to
GeForce 2 than it was to GeForce 4 it
wasn't even direct X8 if I recall
correctly really
y so that was when they got me I spent
extra on this motherboard that I thought
had like I heard GeForce 4 was good I
didn't know anything yet so I got this
onboard Graphics that I thought was like
you know yeah it's on board but it's
like good it's a good on board it's
GeForce I didn't know I didn't know it
sucked yeah that branding was
frustrating I remember that at the time
yep hey lonus I'm the head lifeguard at
my pool and my manager has been pushing
me to do more desk work how did you
handle the similar change in your life
as lmg grew wish there was more space
for newon I guess
newans I don't know I don't know it's
some days
I I like and appreciate you know having
a greater impact through you know team
building and um you know and all working
together like that sense of group
accomplishment like that's really good
you got to kind of learn to enjoy that
as well but there's days that I really I
don't even have a test bench in my
office anymore yeah like that sucks I
like tinkering with things you know um
that's way more fun for me like I'll get
i'll get caught up on set sometimes
they'll be like telling me okay yeah you
got to stop like troubleshooting this
and go to another shoot let someone else
fix it I'm like yeah but that's lame
like I want to fix it um and I I don't
know I I think as a as a tinkerer i'
I've never really gotten over that
hey all I am a truck driver working on
transitioning to Tech I used to run ha
in a VM my main gaming PC the riot games
anti-che would freeze my PC any thoughts
on anticheat breaking things when you
say ha do you mean home assistant I'm
assuming so I I don't know um yeah man I
I am so I was thinking about this the
other day oh yeah I remember I think it
was you who flagged some someone
uploaded some tool kit or something that
had a gaming PC in it on Reddit I
thought I thought you showed it to me
yeah and uh you and someone else were
both like yeah we should totally do like
like seven Gamers one CPU again but like
a mobile one yeah yeah the problem is
that it doesn't work the compatibility
would be basically as bad as like a
steam deck or like a Snapdragon because
anything with anti-che just immediately
craps out when you're using land rig so
who cares just play old games can you
play Halo C yeah but if yeah but if
you're going to play hell yeah if you're
going to play old games why don't you
just oh man I don't know why are you
going to build like a Cutting Edge AMD
epic like server thing with a bunch of
modern gpus in it to play Halo Combat
Evolved Left 4 Dead to Halo C maybe some
rocket League sprinkled in there um yeah
but you could play that on a bunch of
laptops like that's my that's fun who
cares what do you mean it's no fun the
gaming is the fun yeah building the
computer is the fun though I don't know
I'm just I'm just over it now that
antiche just locks you out of any modern
game as soon as it detects a VM I just I
think it's I think it's dead and I've
had this debate with with the um the guy
that used to be at unraid and is now at
ashtech who was like really passionate
about that stuff and really helped us
get seven Gamers one CPU over the line
um his new project which investment
disclosure I invested in because I think
he's a cool guy and his team's cool um
no offense John not because I haven't
necessarily a ton of confidence but yeah
um the point is that uh I've I've
debated with him and I've just been like
dude I I think it's dead he's still
really like passionate about
virtualization and that kind of a use
case I'm like dude it's over
um if you're you know take the money do
whatever you want but please don't do
that it's I mean it's over for
competitive games with antiche but there
is a lot of games out there that don't
have have that H yeah there are but
there aren't a lot of high-end games in
general right now and most of them like
you're talking about actually having a
need for the hardware most of these
competitive games that you're talking
about um won't push it anyways sure but
the one that killed it for me was we
were going to do the land Center at home
with that we were going to do a like a
five Gamers one CPU setup and then Jake
and I set it up to do the proof of
concept video and we tried to launch
Halo
infinite and we couldn't play it like oh
there there is definitely games I'm just
saying like there's a there's a lot of
stuff that it wouldn't necessarily apply
to there is also a lot of stuff that it
would apply to yeah and the last thing
that I want to do is you
know just it's hard enough to all agree
on a game MH and get it working MH
adding virtualization and potential
conflicts with anti-che doesn't make it
better tape to tape got an update I know
goes Manuel goalies in the AI is way
better Manuel goalies brother guess what
our Squad got an update oh yeah [__]
Colin
Place dude he's like yeah I heard you
guys talking about it and stuff but I
like never mentioned it I was like dude
it's like the only game I play right why
didn't you say anything our biggest
problem I've been playing a ton of tape
to tape we have constantly rotating
players that's honestly a huge problem
so so we so Squad the squad now you me
Elijah Yvonne we've got Chase in the
squad uh David plays oh he's probably
killer at it he's good at like video
games he well yeah he's like sweaty as
all hell and also like played hockey for
years fantastic uh and then and and now
we've got colins so we've got like we've
got like seven people that we can draw
from when we want to do a run now hell
yeah that's actually exciting did I miss
anybody that would be super embarrassing
if I missed any there's other people
that um wasn't it Angus got pretty good
there Angus got pretty good at
the yeah there's other people that have
kind of dropped in here or there but I
don't think they like would practice
yeah yeah yeah so yeah yeah Colin like
plays like he almost beat me nice yeah
good and he he might have the game got
interrupted because he was running some
kind of
like weird music production software and
it like ripped the audio device away
from the game think think it caused a
crash so that the crash will probably
get cut from the AMD ultimate Tech
upgrade just because we're worried
people will get confused and think it
was because of AMD or something it's not
right um but it was actually because um
I forget what the tools caused called
but it like that tool had an error to do
with the audio device like right when
the game crashed on the other screen so
we're pretty sure it was because of that
yeah yeah anyway tape to tape let's go
last one I've got for you here can't
wait to get that backpack question for
lus has anyone failed to recognize you
now that you are
blondish
uh man I can be wearing sunglasses and
like a hood and people will stop me in
the street I don't think I don't think
they need the hair color I don't know
what it is I don't know I don't know
what makes me
so what we met we met last weekend uh
impromptu just walking past each other
in a parking lot and he thought I was a
fan
okay oh no
ow you deserve it yeah how can you tell
that story what's wrong with
you it was really funny that's not even
related to what they were saying they
were asking how recognizable I was it
was genuinely really funny that's
horrible I got double tap so hard oh my
god
look look I have talked about this on
the show before I have a really hard
time recognizing people out of context
I'm really bad with faces I'm bad with
thingses I'm especially bad with faces
and I'm especially bad when I see them
out of context I wasn't expecting to see
Luke just walking out of a restaurant I
was heading into and when I see someone
wearing an LTT shirt I looked at the
shirt first when I see someone wearing a
shirt it's not a completely crazy thing
for me to assume that they're a viewer
and they're just like waving at me and
so when Luke just randomly waved at me
and was like hey lonus I saw the shirt
and I was like hey it was pretty quick
it was a pretty quick double tap and I
had to I I didn't realize it was him at
first I fig I figured it out pretty fast
yes yeah I recognized Emma
yeah but yes I did not recognize
L yeah why you get a man it was funny to
be fair I had a similar type of reaction
I just saw you first so I had enough
time to like process it before I
actually said anything cuz what was
confusing for me was that I saw you and
I saw all the kids um but ion wasn't
there and my brain didn't like
immediately click
in cuz like your hair I had sort of
forgot I had just done it but I like
forgot yeah so I was like what like we
also had a kid that wasn't one of ours
so that probably Factor there yeah it
was a little odd which how does it make
me feel I don't care at all like it's
not just like a YouTuber thing that we
it was
legit thanks for watching see you again
next time same bad time same bad
[Music]
Channel I have destroyed him
oh my
god
oh oh